Salt the cabbage:

    Cut the cabbage lengthwise into quarters. Cut away the core of each quarter.kimchi making
    Cut the leaves crosswise into 1-to-1½ inch bite size pieces. Transfer to a large bowl.
    Toss with 6 tablespoons of the salt and 1 cup water.
    Let stand for 2 hours, tossing the cabbage every 30 minutes to salt evenly.

Make the kimchi paste:

    Combine the glutinous rice flour and 1 cup of the vegetable stock in a small saucepan and place over medium high heat.
    Stir until the mixture begins to bubble, 2 to 3 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon of the sugar and stir until the mixture is slightly translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool thoroughly.
    Put the cooled porridge, the remaining ⅓ cup vegetable stock, the remaining 3 tablespoons salt, the remaining 1 teaspoon sugar, garlic, ginger, and onion in a food processor and process to a puree.
    Transfer the puree to a medium bowl.
    Add the gochu-garu (hot pepper flakes) and mix it well. Set aside.

Wash the salted cabbage:

    Rinse the cabbage 3 to 4 times with cold running water to remove any dirt and excess salt. Drain well.kimchi making

Mix it all together and make kimchi:

    Well dry a large bowl with kitchen cloth.
    Add the cabbage, radish matchsticks, green onion, chives (if used), and carrot. Add the kimchi paste and mix all together by hand (wear disposable gloves if you like).vegan kimchi (vegetarian kimchi)kimchi making
    Transfer to an airtight container or glass jars. Press down the on the kimchi so it’s well packed and no air can get inside, then put the lid on the container.vegan kimchi (vegetarian kimchi)

Ferment the kimchi:

    You can serve the kimchi right away, sprinkled with sesame seeds. Or you can let the kimchi ferment. It takes about 2 weeks to ferment in the refrigerator; for faster fermenting, leave it at room temperature for 1 to 2 days, depending on the warmth of your kitchen, until the kimchi smells and tastes sour.
    Once the kimchi is fermented, store in the refrigerator until it runs out. After 2 weeks, the kimchi will have fermented nicely, and it will continue to ferment and become more sour as time goes one. It never goes bad and you can enjoy it at every stage.
    Whenever you take some kimchi out of the container, be sure to press down on the remaining kimchi with a spoon to prevent it from being exposed to air.